great night some of you there is a VIP
thing we're very important people got to
hear myself and Shepherd DJ which was
basically just picking out musically
light and you didn't get clear that
you're not important enough very
important they're important but you're
not very important let's qualify your
importance by allowing you to come in
early when there's plenty of space so
I mean I've been asked to talk a little
bit about what we're doing here tonight
I don't know if you know the premise for
this evening is kicking up noise pop but
it sponsored more important the noise
pop and its 15th anniversary of which
were for real I was something i was at
the shows in 1995 but honestly that's
real I was a kid goes inside of an old
man now
the fan of the noise and often but more
importantly we're here tonight in this
room to sells shoes with the grand
marquis
it works it totally works I just want to
point out that its freedom and part of
freedom is sometimes just dropping eval
on fuck it evo it seems like it's taking
a bit taking a bit too long to write the
word I like it Oh might be oh it's
unnecessary freedom is about getting rid
of unnecessary bowels very very clever
Santa's again i would take credit a
vowel movement